hi guys welcome to ABP Edition welcome
to this brand new day
um guys this ABP Edition actually give
you betting tips betting advice bet good
bet odds good bad games everything bad
you come to a prediction you get it in
full okay don't forget to like share and
subscribe this video okay guys without
reaching most of your time let's get
into today's video and don't forget we
have exciting thoughts for you today
exciting games that you're going to
enjoy these games are going to help you
win okay and don't forget our daily tour
to be on our telegram Channel guys wait
for the end of this video click on our
link on our telegram channel to go to
our telegram page and see our daily
towards guys okay don't forget to enjoy
subscribe like this video okay thank you
so much of your time let's head into the
video guys
yeah guys in this game I see a clever
1.5 guys I I see a high Tempo game which
everybody starting from the back trying
to build a attack so I see this game
ending a one one two seven okay so be
safe play it and 1.5 guys
yeah guys this game is going to be a
very interesting game man this game is
going to be a dominant game and because
everybody was trying to try to dominate
it but I see this game engineer with the
South Africa actually using their home
crowd because how South Africans love
football well but when it comes to
Morocco they play tickets these guys are
just so good when it comes to ticket
Academy know how to arrange games they
know how to break defense okay but with
the South African crowd then you know
how Nigerians refers are they follow the
crowd so the South African car that you
see this game ending a one go margin
okay if the game doesn't have the draw
it's going to be a one-go match and they
are South Africa win with just one good
margin or
Morocco win with just one gold margin
okay so just for this reason I'm going
with the South Africa to go Advantage
okay handicap guys so this game is a two
goal Advantage handicapped to South
Africa guys
yeah guys this game is going to be a dog
game the attacking is not going to be
much from the both sides because the
both side does not have the
um capability of our trying to push
defense or making good chances so it's
going to be a very dog game so for this
reason I'll be going with away win to
new no so
um Libya is not going to win one zero
two zero three zero daddy gave me the
draw or the whole score so that's what
I'm going for in this game because
there's nothing much to talk about this
game it's going to be a dog game guys
wow this game is going to be a very
interesting game to watch to be
attacking all through they'll be
attacking the retentions they'll be cats
this game is going to be a very good
game to watch okay there'll be attack
from right to left everybody try to
prove a point I see this game ending at
Google so just to be safe I'm playing it
on over 1.5 but I see this game ending
in Google even with the first half
having a a one one or one zero game so I
see this game a 2-1 finishing so guys be
safe delete a over 1.5 is a show of 1.5
[Music]
yeah we know how good senega is and how
their team is built up okay these guys
know how to dominate a game and know how
to oppress your friends okay so with the
likes of money and the rest so I see
this game ending in a way to score
because I know senegad is going to score
even though the game and they drop but I
don't see the game ended I draw I see
something that we need it I have for
everyone in the game so guys be safe
later on our way to score because this
is a clear way to scope Senegal is going
to score in this game guys
yeah guys enable qualifier Norway
Scotland
um is a clever 1.5 guys so
um I see the Game ending over 1.5 and I
see Scotland scoring and no way to score
him so guys it's a 1.5 so
I see a clear winning in this game I
don't think there will be a throw in
this game guys so we'll play it under
1.5 so nicely again
[Music]
yeah in this game I see Belgium
dominating and actually winning this
game but just to be safe um I'll be
going for Belgium win either half but I
see a clear winner from Belgium in this
game they will dominate and they'll win
this game I see this game ending at
three zero three one
um because it's a clear bedroom
dominance in this game guys so be safe
played home win either half guys
yeah guys in this game I'll be going
with Channel 1.5 because this is a
clever 1.5 I see a motion to score and I
see clear attacking game okay from right
to left I see the options
so guys be safe play it and the 1.5 is a
clear over 1.5 guys
[Music]
yeah Portugal is going to dominate this
game and I see them winning it to play a
clear win to Portugal okay so guys
specifically it's a Portugal to win
because I don't see their way actually
winning this game Portugal is going to
use Canada football to finish this game
though make their way feel they have
chance in short Portugal is going to
play
just normal football with their wheel
okay so guys be safe play the photograph
to win it's a clear protocol guys
all right guys this game I see a very
very clear attacking game okay with the
right to left attacking on both sides
could keep us safe in another so I see
home team try to prove a point and I see
them with the home crowd and everything
so I don't see the away winning today so
I don't see they are winning one zero
two zero three zero so I believe the
home team is going to score or this game
is going to end it drop so guys I'm
going with are we win to new no because
I believe the home team is gonna score
or the game ends a job so be safe played
I will win tonight
here you have it guys the sporting good
booking code for the game and don't
forget in case you are not in Android
friendly go to description and click on
the spotting my booking link okay to get
your support
well guys um don't forget please try to
show you this old stream better odds
that you think you know you can bet and
win okay please please shrink your
Twitter
all right and don't forget to share like
And subscribe okay please share this
video other people need to be a part of
this family
try to share this video okay well
without wasting much of your time thank
you to everybody that have subscribed to
our Channel
I've actually watched this video to the
end okay thank you very very much
a good time definitely we'll start to
pay for everybody
that actually stand with us to the end
okay don't forget to please share this
video okay well without much of your
time we'll see you on the next video
peace guys
